docs/features.md, before:

## Shop-easy platform features

There are two user roles in our platform. They are
    - Admin User
    - Student User

### Admin User:

Admin has administrative previliges and responsible for pantry management such as Inventory management and order tracking etc.,

### Student User:

Student can access the pantry platform for convinent and user friendly purchases of the listed items.

### Admin features:

- **Admin authentication**: Admin login worflow with username and password.
- **Inventory Management**: Manage inventory to add, update and delete items based on the category.
- **Order Tracking**: Tracking student orders, their status and history.
- **User Management**: Administrative previliges to add, update and delete students.

### Student features:

- **Student authentication**: Student register and login worflow with username and password.
- **View Inventory**: Get the list of available items in the inventory.
- **Reserve Items**: Students can reserve items in advance they wish to purchase
- **Favorites List**: Students can mark items as favourite for quick purchases.
- **Order Placement**: Place orders for the selected items and receive confirmation about the order.
- **Order Cancellation**: Cancel order of the purchased items.
- **Notifications**: Receive notifications about order status and announcements.
- **Reviews and Suggestions**: Students can provide reviews and suggestions about the pantry.

### Minimum Viable Product features(Core features):

#### Admin features:

- **Admin authentication**
- **Inventory Management**
- **Order Tracking**

#### Student features:

- **Student authentication**
- **View Inventory**
- **Reserve Items**
- **Order Placement**
- **Order Cancellation**

Commit message:

Updated features list and MVP

docs/features.md, after:

## Shop-easy platform features

There are two user roles in our platform. They are
    - Admin User
    - Student User

### Admin User:

Admin has administrative previliges and responsible for pantry management such as Inventory management and order tracking etc.,

### Student User:

Student can access the pantry platform for convinent and user friendly purchases of the listed items.

### Admin features:

- **Admin authentication**: Admin login worflow with username and password.
- **Inventory Management**: Manage inventory to add, update and delete items based on the category.
- **Order Tracking**: Tracking student orders, their status and history.
- **User Management**: Administrative previliges to add, update and delete students.
- **View Reviews and Suggestions**: Admin user Should be able to see the suggestion/review messages from student users.


### Student features:

- **Student authentication**: Student login worflow with username and password. Since the student is a specific college student where the pantry is operating, We consider all the students of this college are registered to the pantry by default and has Shop Easy Access.
- **View Inventory**: Get the list of available items in the inventory.
- **Favorites List**: Students can mark items as favourite for quick purchases.
- **Order Placement**: Place orders for the selected items and receive confirmation about the order.
- **Order History**: Users should be able to view their purchase history.
- **Order Cancellation**: Cancel order of the purchased items.
- **Notifications**: Receive notifications about order status and announcements.
- **Reviews and Suggestions**: Students can provide reviews and suggestions about the pantry.
- **Favorites List**: Students should be able to mark favorites, View the marked favorites and remove favorites.

### Minimum Viable Product features(Core features):

#### Admin features:

- **Admin authentication**
- **Inventory Management**: Add, Update and Delete Inventory

#### Student features:

- **Student authentication**
- **View Inventory**
- **Order Placement**
- **View Order History**
- **Order Cancellation**
